TW-947 Publishing APIs to API Network (#4605)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/public-api-network/best-practices/sharing-your-workspace.md

---

> title: "Sharing and Watching Your Workspace"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Sharing and watching your workspace"
```

updated: 2023-02-01
---

> ### Sharing and Watching Your Workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Being a part of the API Network means your searchable in the Postman app.
It also means being featured on our Explore page if your API is being watched or forked enough times.

Discovery means enabling API consumers to find exactly the right API they need for their application or integration.
It also means giving consumers everything they will need to onboard with an API. ng Consumers need to assess the overall quality and reliability of the API, then get to work integrating it into their use case, no matter what language they are using.

### Linking To A Workspace

Public Workspaces can be linked to by using the team name and workspace name in this format:

`postman.co/[team-name]/workspace/[workspace-name]/overview`

> This will usually open up the workspace in the Postman Web App in the browser.

Reviewer: GitHub isn't allowing me to add the entire Markdown syntax for code blocks, so I'll add it here. **The following is my suggestion:**

You can navigate to a public workspace from your browser using the following URL format:

```text
https://www.postman.com/[team-name]/workspace/[workspace-name]/overview
```

Reviewer: This is now updated.

> ## Sharing Collections and Documentation
> 
> Cross-linking to your API’s documentation and to your Postman collection creates a fluid developer experience.
> Use embeddable Postman’s [Run in Postman buttons](https://learning.postman.com/docs/publishing-your-api/run-in-postman/introduction-run-button/), and create links to your documentation within Postman’s documentation. that consumers can activate with one click.
> 
> ### Adding a Hyperlink in Postman Documentation
> 
> Link back to your documentation using hyperlinks in your [documentation](https://learning.postman.com/docs/publishing-your-api/authoring-your-documentation/#adding-links).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating links in your documentation

[Create links](/docs/publishing-your-api/authoring-your-documentation/#adding-links) between your API’s documentation and your collection, enabling developers to quickly navigate your API. You can add a link from your documentation to your collection using a [Run in Postman button](/docs/publishing-your-api/run-in-postman/introduction-run-button/).
```

> ## Workspace Metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tracking public workspace metrics

You can use the number of watchers and forks in your public workspace to track its success.
```

> ### Watches
> 
> Keeping track of the watches on workspaces, APIs, and collections to understand who is tuned into what is happening. Use watches as a
> metric for the number of consumers, contributors, and internal and external stakeholders who are tuned in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Watchers

Track the number of watchers on your workspace, APIs, and collections to understand who is interested in your APIs. You can use the numbers of watchers as a metric for the number of consumers, contributors, and internal and external stakeholders who are interested in your APIs.
```

### Forks

> Making a linked copy of an API, or the mocks, documentation, tests, and other areas of the lifecycle defined as a collection to another workspace, allowing anyone to run on their own, make changes and enhancements, then if they desire, contribute back to the original and receive regular updates over time.

Author: Forks is an internal mechanism to be able to use a collection from a Public Workspace, so this is the only number  really to gauge workspace adoption and use. 
Watches shows interest by Postman community in their API.
